chore: add securitiy policy (#595)
jina-ai/docarray: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Security is very important for DocArray and its community. 

## Supported Versions

> The latest versions of DocArray are supported.

Reviewer: Is this specific enough? Do we mean the latest version, the latest two versions, or the latest five versions? Minor versions or patch versions?

Author: I copy past from jina core tbh.

I think that it means that the last minor version is supported as our plan now is not maintain older minor version (ex 3.0) since we merge bug fix in the newer version

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you think you found a vulnerability, and even if you are not sure about it, please report it right away by sending an email to: security@jina.ai. Please try to be as explicit as possible, describing all the steps and example code to reproduce the security issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you've found a vulnerability, even if you are not sure about it, please report it right away by sending an email to security@jina.ai. Please try to be as explicit as possible, describing all the steps and example code to reproduce the security issue.
```

Our team will review it thoroughly and get back to you.

> Please restrain from publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability on Github issues or in Slack community. 🙊 It's better to discuss privately and try to find a solution first, to limit the potential impact as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refrain from publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability on Github issues or in Slack community. It's better to discuss it privately and try to find a solution first, to limit the potential impact as much as possible.
```
